Fix for DOC-450, 451, 452, 453 (#268)
Macrometacorp/docs: docs/cep/reference/extensions/io/sse.md

---
title: SSE
---

> This an extension that receives and publishes events from SSE server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This an extension that receives and publishes events from SSE server.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## SSE Sink

HTTP SSE sink sends events to all subscribers.

> ### Syntax:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### SSE Sink Syntax
```

```js
CREATE SINK <name> WITH (type="sse-server", server.port="<INT>", server.path="<STRING>", worker.count="<INT>", headers="<STRING>");
```

> ### QUERY PARAMETERS:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### SSE Sink Query Parameters
```

| Name         | Description |	Default Value |	Possible Data Types	| Optional | Dynamic |
|--------------|-------------|----------------|---------------------| -------- |---------|

> | server.port  | The listening port of the SSE server which clients need to connect to receive events | | INT	| No | No |

Reviewer: End every description sentence with a period.

| server.path  | The listening path of the SSE server which clients need to connect to receive events | | STRING | Yes | No |
| worker.count | The number of active worker threads to serve the incoming events                     | 1 | INT | Yes | No |
| headers      | HTTP request headers in format "<key>:<value>,<key>:<value>" | | STRING | Yes | No |

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ### EXAMPLE:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### SSE Sink Example
```

```js
CREATE SINK  PublishStream WITH (type='sse-server', map.type="json", server.port='8020', server.path='testsse') (param1 string);
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## SSE Source

> HTTP SSE source send a request to a given url and listen to the response stream.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HTTP SSE source sends a request to a given URL and listens to the response stream.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ### Syntax:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### SSE Source Syntax
```

Reviewer: Hey, Noob question. Why is the source after the sink? I thought the source was the origin of the data and the sink was the destination, so wouldn't source come before sink? I think that's how our stream workers are formatted, anyway.

If so, please make sure that all extensions and such match the way they would be put into an actual stream worker.

Author: In case of SSE Source will come after Sink

Reviewer: SSE is 17.11, right? We'll merge that info into a different branch. The main branch is only for current functionality.

```js
CREATE SOURCE <name> WITH (type="sse-server", receiver.url="<STRING>", worker.count="<INT>", headers="<STRING>");
```

> ### QUERY PARAMETERS:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### SSE Source Query Parameters
```

| Name          | Description |	Default Value |	Possible Data Types	| Optional | Dynamic |
|---------------|-------------|----------------|---------------------| -------- |---------|

> | receiver.url  | The sse endpoint url which should be listened | | STRING	| No | No |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| receiver.url  | The SSE endpoint URL that should be monitored. | | STRING	| No | No |
```

> | worker.count  | The number of active worker threads to serve the incoming events                     | 1 | INT | Yes | No |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| worker.count  | The number of active worker threads to serve the incoming events.                   | 1 | INT | Yes | No |
```

> | headers       | HTTP request headers in format "<key>:<value>,<key>:<value>" | | STRING | Yes | No |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| headers       | HTTP request headers in format `<key>:<value>,<key>:<value>`. | | STRING | Yes | No |
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ### EXAMPLE:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### SSE Source Example
```

```js
CREATE SOURCE  ListenStream WITH (type='sse', map.type="json", receiver.url='http://localhost:8020/testsse') (param1 string);
```

> This query shows how to subscribe to a sse server. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This query shows how to subscribe to an SSE server. 
```

Reviewer: Same as earlier, add context and put it before the code block.
